README.md, before:

# Junior-Software-Dev-Resources
This repo is a warehouse for storing and linking resource to the junior dev

## Table of Contents

1. Subject ordered by category [link](#Categories)
2. Subject ordered by alphabetical order \[A-Z\] [link](#alphabetical-order)

## Alphabetical Order

For now this list contains only the one that where at least started.

### A

to be added

### B

- [Bash](/Programming-Languages/Bash/README.md)


### C

- [C](/Programming-Languages/C/README.md)
- [C++](/Programming-Languages/C++/README.md)
- [C#](/Programming-Languages/C#/README.md)
- [CSS](/Programming-Languages/CSS/README.md)

### D

- [Docker](/Tools/Docker/README.md)

### E

to be added

### F

to be added

### G

- [Git](/Tools/Git/README.md)

### H

- [HTML](/Programming-Languages/HTML/README.md)

### I

to be added

### J

- [Javascript](/Programming-Languages/Javascript/README.md)

### K

to be added

### L

to be added

### M

to be added

### N

to be added

### O

to be added

### P

to be added

### Q

to be added

### R

- [React](/Frameworks/React/README.md)

### S

to be added

### T

to be added

### U

to be added

### V

to be added

### W

to be added

### X

to be added

### Y

- [YouTube Channels](/YouTube-Channels/README.md)

### Z

to be added



## Categories

1. [Frontend Development](/Frontend/README.md)
2. [Backend Development](/Backend/README.md)
3. [DevOps](/DevOps/README.md)
4. [Data Science](/Data-Science/README.md)
5. [Machine Learning](/Machine-Learning/README.md)
6. [Artificial Intelligence](/Artificial-Intelligence/README.md)
7. Cybersecurity
8. Cloud Computing
9. [Mobile Development](/Mobile-Development/README.md)
10. Game Development
11. [Web Development](/Web-Development/README.md)
12. Software Development
13. [Programming Languages](/Programming-Languages/README.md)
14. [Databases](/Databases/README.md)
15. Tools
16. Frameworks
17. Libraries
18. APIs
19. Books
20. Courses
21. Tutorials
22. Blogs
23. Forums
24. Podcasts
25. [YouTube Channels](/YouTube-Channels/README.md)


## Authors

1. [Daniel Attali](https://github.com/dattali18)

## Contributing

If you want to contribute to this list and make it better, your help is very welcome. To do so, you can either open an issue or a pull request. If you're not sure how to do that, you can follow the instructions below:

1. Fork this repository by clicking the Fork button on the top right.
2. Clone your forked repository to your local machine.
3. Add the resource you want to add to the appropriate `README` file.
4. Commit and push your changes.
5. Create a pull request by going to the original repository and clicking the New pull request button.

Commit message:

changed the list to a todo list

README.md, after:

# Junior-Software-Dev-Resources
This repo is a warehouse for storing and linking resource to the junior dev

## Table of Contents

1. Subject ordered by category [link](#Categories)
2. Subject ordered by alphabetical order \[A-Z\] [link](#alphabetical-order)

## Alphabetical Order

For now this list contains only the one that where at least started.

### A

to be added

### B

- [Bash](/Programming-Languages/Bash/README.md)


### C

- [C](/Programming-Languages/C/README.md)
- [C++](/Programming-Languages/C++/README.md)
- [C#](/Programming-Languages/C#/README.md)
- [CSS](/Programming-Languages/CSS/README.md)

### D

- [Docker](/Tools/Docker/README.md)

### E

to be added

### F

to be added

### G

- [Git](/Tools/Git/README.md)

### H

- [HTML](/Programming-Languages/HTML/README.md)

### I

to be added

### J

- [Javascript](/Programming-Languages/Javascript/README.md)

### K

to be added

### L

to be added

### M

to be added

### N

to be added

### O

to be added

### P

to be added

### Q

to be added

### R

- [React](/Frameworks/React/README.md)

### S

to be added

### T

to be added

### U

to be added

### V

to be added

### W

to be added

### X

to be added

### Y

- [YouTube Channels](/YouTube-Channels/README.md)

### Z

to be added



## Categories

> [!Note] 
>  If the list item is marked with an `v` it means the resource is either finish or at least being worked on.


- [ ] [Frontend Development](/Frontend/README.md)
- [ ] [Backend Development](/Backend/README.md)
- [ ] [DevOps](/DevOps/README.md)
- [ ] [Data Science](/Data-Science/README.md)
- [ ] [Machine Learning](/Machine-Learning/README.md)
- [ ] [Artificial Intelligence](/Artificial-Intelligence/README.md)
- [ ] Cybersecurity
- [ ] Cloud Computing
- [ ] [Mobile Development](/Mobile-Development/README.md)
- [ ] Game Development
- [x] [Web Development](/Web-Development/README.md)
- [ ] Software Development
- [x] [Programming Languages](/Programming-Languages/README.md)
- [ ] [Databases](/Databases/README.md)
- [ ] Tools
- [ ] Frameworks
- [ ] Libraries
- [ ] APIs
- [ ] Books
- [ ] Courses
- [ ] Tutorials
- [ ] Blogs
- [ ] Forums
- [ ] Podcasts
- [x] [YouTube Channels](/YouTube-Channels/README.md)


## Authors

1. [Daniel Attali](https://github.com/dattali18)

## Contributing

If you want to contribute to this list and make it better, your help is very welcome. To do so, you can either open an issue or a pull request. If you're not sure how to do that, you can follow the instructions below:

1. Fork this repository by clicking the Fork button on the top right.
2. Clone your forked repository to your local machine.
3. Add the resource you want to add to the appropriate `README` file.
4. Commit and push your changes.
5. Create a pull request by going to the original repository and clicking the New pull request button.
